Hello UTB psycho arthur and today I
show you one of yours was on 59 of
we generally have two such major
regime
fight on ltshka which is wild to me
delivers it passive for light and wild
carousels and any such
skirmish near the heavier and
massive machines such dominance
light and small over large and
clumsy
But in this battle it turned out to some
a combination of these tactics
that is, initially this card is not at all
designed for someone active
Illumination there is a maximum
some advice can only be given at the beginning
show traveling enemy or from the gut
or from a more forceful position to which
I'm going to go this here this bush can
It would certainly be a bit far but with
given the fact that the enemy has 12 had a chance
the fact that he will go
too, where the patient is so hassle la
was with him could end for me
at least baku it will be a bun here
enemy cords or pooj so i'm here
I'm also going to be careful just a little further away
for the light you share here with 59 that is
he is now in the gut lit up a little
farther than me here I could trace him
a little bit on throwing up there are cases
even when you can't do it everywhere
contribution for knows how standard drunk
that is to light the enemy team in
this case if you are a nation
lets you rolled out this car into that
the same equipment that I have with
Gold you can calmly throw on
on these cars passing even there 400
+ meters principle, any nine
breaks with breaks here it is at
how many of us are here 189
enough with head plus very big
chance
for criticizing something so often something
you set fire especially if
for the same board the enemy usually and
happens and there you bucks ammo all
it is often criticized and seen by example
classic set on fire but as soon as that's
this initial combat phase is over and no
the ability to actively highlight
most players squatting
problems arise that is they don't know
how to use my car here with me
there is advice
only one try not to break in
right away that is without breaking your head
understand of course that any lt-sc
who comes on board the sergeant TCP
aldo who are shot in the city
can make a noise that is so or
otherwise you will make some contribution to the battle.
if you just break through to the city and
there is literally a tank aunt
one point to kind due to this your
allies will be able to inflict free damage
but to lead and more damage and
it is worth the situation initially
I'll forgive what I'm doing right now
peered the city looked at one
lane but a little auto 22 realized that
so far it's too early that is my cheesecakes
more back and plus I see that the opponents
most are in cities and
begin to move forward so I
now I am going to read what is there
further and I had the opportunity
drive to the rear
now I see it that is, I thought first
may require cats board under this
home realized that I am now open here by
straight to this lumbago which is now
I look here it can not push worth
maybe someone else so I decide
initially so far wait a bit and in
I will go there right now in order to
read the situation that is a month was
choice in principle go straight to gba on
base in the enemy
here try to pick up artillery but I
decide right thing to break into mess and the
meeting here
isu-152 sbl 9 with its covers this f-shka
t-22 building started so i'm here
I am leaving him I understand that it is time
skip yuzat this chance and here in
the moment I realized that in principle there is no point
now I could go further
would take away from it now 12 hulky it
here take artillery get on capture
well, why if so much meat we have
I shall lie in the city of the blind with gold
charged therefore go run down the back
rhymes
I feel them pretty well so bombed by
the end of the fight when they realized that their
here would essentially diluted. 6 levels and
while here I understand sous-152 and and long
sleep guards t25 2 hang out dude
unreal zadolbalo it will see it
due to the fact that I gave him the first point
even then I noticed so cure
I have to fight the whole fight though now
prokidyvat even what fourth he already
I did not take risks because I noticed that
from the ear right now comes into this lane and there
I can lurk at my hunt
left just on vanshot that is
9 from 390 dick
That is, there is even a minimum salary on me
fill up and here she gape a little and
again I want to think about
the other thick but not knock thumps
laying here this dude on american by
Tashkent got a pancake specifically
it just so happened and still retreat
I'm not going to stream ammo
I do a little deceptive maneuver that is
showed as if i'm leaving and m 25 by the way
if you succumb to me but really
I actually made a loop and just pulled out
back to
and dry off by that just tricked by this
dude and took it away and now he
already trying to enter me
hiding behind a lion and now doing forward
a little bit like a jerk so he covers
I understand that now formed without
me here
and in the meantime I calmly make out
lion and you can see we fall and
someone in the tanks or engine area
we set fire not so he
The money box is already sent to me as a frag
Here is such a batch I gave the city
i think rushed for fun everything looks
just got a lot of fun and adrenaline in
that moment
who liked this fight like and
subscribe to my channel not to
skip New vidosiki by email. we
such a wild bend
about soon i will launch some more
vidos
precisely by 59 16 because I have him there
time used in conjunction with two tt
level eight preferential and there
It turned out such nice moments here
cleanly worked as a support beside
I think few have seen how l . can
work such a role soon all this
will be on the channel all good luck